I'm Jess I'm 18 years old and this is my
best friend Jody she's special
it's a bomb that can't really be broken
and you know she's a friend when you
need a friend when you're alone and
you've also got your doll I've been in
hospitals quite a while I'd not been
speaking to anyone for about three weeks
and the handsome smile and it was a most
of the things it was severe depression
which is really debilitating and you
know the interesting things that you
want to love and you shut down you push
everyone away in so then this Pat dog
came and it all changed within minutes I
was sat on the floor talking to the dog
give me the dog cuisines and just
suddenly realized remembered almost how
much I love dogs and then the way that
made me feel and I just thought I want
to be able to give that experience to
someone else and so that's when Jody
became registered packed up and now we
go and visit and share that experience
Jody goes to three different Ward's with
young people the reactions you get
instant and it's not it doesn't always
have to be a physical reaction it's just
you can tell on someone's face she makes
a difference to the staff and the young
people like the staff all no word and
it's all genders here Oh Ben Gurion she
gives you a friend-friend you know she
you can tell her anything and she's not
just kind of walk off and she knows how
you're feeling and if I'm sad she'll
know zoom in too and she just wants to
give you comfort
I think pets a therapy basically saved
my life and if I could do that to one
other person then
it says it will